# Format: image_filename: caption
# Add your 20 image filenames and their corresponding captions here

image_001.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs in bikini
image_002.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs sitting on bed behind a vas
image_003.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs taking selfie in bikini
image_004.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs in an event
image_005.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs behind a window
image_006.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs face closeup
image_007.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs holding an award
image_008.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs back wearing a costume
image_009.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs sitting
image_010.jpeg: a photo of mamaplugxs infront of her car
image_011.jpeg: a photo of mamaplugxs in christmas bikini
image_012.jpeg: a photo of mamaplugxs in her bedroom
image_013.webp: a photo of mamaplugxs in seductive mode
image_014.webp: a photo of mamaplugxs wearing sunglasses
image_015.webp: a photo of mamaplugxs in bikini
image_016.webp: a photo of mamaplugxs in pirate costume
image_017.webp: a photo of mamaplugxs holding an award
image_018.webp: a photo of mamaplugxs infront of her car
image_019.jpg: a photo of mamaplugxs in a one-piece dress
image_020.webp: a photo of mamaplugxs showing her back